https://codepen.io/Eschwen/pen/WNrNQzo?editors=1100



Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It is HTML that gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? It is used for the structure of our website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide more info about an html element, like class, id, src... you find them after an html start tag.  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
    It is used for the most important heading. Only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An image tag (src) and an <a> (href)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    this is a container for metadata which is about the HTML doc, it does not show up on the page
    7. What is an id? 
    An ID is specific to an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    It can be used on any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute that helps define the same style for elements with the same class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add it to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target='_blank' attribute 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
 the alt attribute is used for if the image is not displaying it tells you what the image is

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section defines the sections in a doc. Div defines a section of an html doc and used to help format in CSS.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    It is the styling of the webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { write what you want the h2 to look like}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is specific for one, whereas a class can be applied to a few sections. If you want every other paragraph to be pink, you could assign every other paragraph to the class='pink'. If you only want one word to be blue assign that div and id of #blue.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .whatevertheclassthatyouwantiscalled

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? \
    parent>child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the element, this would be useful to make the change to all the "children" at once

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     this is used to define a special state of an element- hover, visited, unvisited

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Capitals:text-transform:uppercase;
    lower-case: text-transform:lowercase;
    capitalize: text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* write comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -- you delete it forever, there's no backup

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It allows you to compare files, see differences, and merge changes before committing code 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    At least every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "emily-horne"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First I would fork my own version
    Next I add my TL as a collaborator
    Next clone the repo by clicking clone or download
    Go to my terminal and find the location i want to clone my forked repo
    type git clone (link) press enter
    cd into the newly created repo
    create my own branch by git checkou -b "emily-horne"
    git add .
    git commit -m "comment of what i just did"
    git push -u origin "emily-horne"
    submit a pull request with my name as the branch:'emily-horne'
    add my Tl to the reviewers

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
       an inline element will only occupy the width it requires and does not start on a new line, whereas the block element occupies the full width available and starts on a new line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       It no longer exists in the normal doc layout flow, it sits on its own layer separate from everything elements

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 
  